Instructions


Add the sample web log data to Kibana.


Answer the following questions:


In the last 7 days, how many unique visitors were located in India?
A: 244

In the last 24 hours, of the visitors from China, how many were using Mac OSX?
A:9

In the last 2 days, what percentage of visitors received 404 errors? How about 503 errors?
A: 404 = 100%
   504 = 0%
In the last 7 days, what country produced the majority of the traffic on the website?
A: China

Of the traffic that's coming from that country, what time of day had the highest amount of activity?
A: 1:00 PM EST

List all the types of downloaded files that have been identified for the last 7 days, along with a short description of each file type 
(use Google if you aren't sure about a particular file type).
A: 
-gz  (GNU zip) compressed archive file
-css (Cascading style sheet) formats the content of a web page
-zip compressed archive file
-deb (Debian) Unix archive used for software installation packages
-rpm (Red Hat Package Manager) stores installation packages

Now that you have a feel for the data, Let's dive a bit deeper. Look at the chart that shows Unique Visitors Vs. Average Bytes.

Locate the time frame in the last 7 days with the most amount of bytes (activity).
In your own words, is there anything that seems potentially strange about this activity?
A: 6:00 AM 11-25-2021. Someone may be trying to play around before the Sysadmin logs in for the day.


Filter the data by this event.

What is the timestamp for this event?
A: 16:58:15
What kind of file was downloaded?
A: gz file
From what country did this activity originate?
A:China
What HTTP response codes were encountered by this visitor?
HTTP 200 (Success)


Switch to the Kibana Discover page to see more details about this activity.


What is the source IP address of this activity?
A: 1.145.31.121
What are the geo coordinates of this activity?
A:
"lat": 28.28980556,
"lon": -81.43708333
What OS was the source machine running?
win 8
What is the full URL that was accessed?
A: 	https://artifacts.elastic.co/downloads/kibana/kibana-6.3.2-linux-x86_64.tar.gz
From what website did the visitor's traffic originate?
A: http://www.elastic-elastic-elastic.com/success/aleksandr-serebrov


Finish your investigation with a short overview of your insights.

What do you think the user was doing?
A: The perpetrator in question is a Full Stack Engineer at Elasticsearch, so it is likely that he was accessing the 
file as part of his job.
Was the file they downloaded malicious? If not, what is the file used for?
A: The file is used to downloadaand install Kibana on a Linix machine. Not Malicious
Is there anything that seems suspicious about this activity?
The geo.source China, and the geo.dest Nigeria. I suspect that the use of VPN and proxy is the reason.
Is any of the traffic you inspected potentially outside of compliance guidlines?
If private VPN is being used by Elasticsearch employees, this may be a compliance issue.
